Sure, but if you can't prove it
I don't just want you to get on your knees and sign off
I'm going to break your mother and son's legs
Throw it down the street begging
Kids, they have power.
This must be a trap they set
You can't bet with them.
Really can't fake
He can't really fake it.
You make it sound like you actually have proof.
See clearly
This is my certificate for donating bone marrow to my father
Just a donation certificate
Who knows if you faked it outside?
It really doesn't give up until the Yellow River
I have contacted Dr. Zhao before coming
He came back to prove the authenticity of this donation certificate
Dr. Shao is right
He was Dad's attending physician.
That's what he did for us.
As long as you prove that the donation certificate is genuine
You lose, Dr. Zhao
Dr. Zhao, please tell everyone
Is my donation certificate real or fake?
Ladies and gentlemen, this certificate
It's true.
willing to admit defeat
Kowtow to my mom and apologize immediately
Then get out of my house
Chen Huachan, don't go too far
Kneel down ladies
Although this certificate is genuine
But the person who actually donates bone marrow is not you
It's Mr. Jiang Li
Therefore, this certificate should be returned to Mr. Jiang Li
What are you humming?